Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Are you sure you guys don't want some?
- No. thank you. love.
I'm… intolerant.
My… my stepmom
can't eat peanuts.
She actually almost died on
a cruise. It was… it was crazy.
That was crazy. yeah.
So what. what's on your mind?
What can we do for you? What's up?
You wanna go first?
No. you go.
Okay. …
Well. as you guys know.
Ashley's been an asset to
the club's f&b department
for almost two years.
There's literally no reason
why I would know that.
We…
We're very thankful
for… for her contributions.
- You wanna go?
- You go.
Okay.
Well.
given her valuable
contributions.
we. couldn't help but wonder
if there aren't maybe
other opportunities
that could better fit her.
expertise.
Well. given she never graduated.
I think she fits pretty
perfectly where she is.
Well. if I may say this. Josh.
it seems like with all
the changes at the club.
the new owner and what have you.
it would be very
beneficial to everyone
for the status quo to be maintained
vis-à-vis what has transpired.
Well. I don't know what
you think transpired. Austin.
but this is… this is really not
how we do things around here.
Yeah. Look. if
she's unsatisfied.
you know. we can ask around.
Maybe there'll be
a motel in the area
that's willing to hire someone
without a high school diploma.
- Hey. that's uncalled-for. man.
- This whole meeting is uncalled-for. man.
Okay. I think it's time
for you guys to go.
This is really a human
resources issue.
You can tell your
side. and we'll tell ours.
We'll tell our side.
And our side is that we were at
home having a heated discussion.
- A debate.
- A lively debate amongst husband and wife…
- In our home.
- …when we saw two employees trespassing.
Sneaking around.
which is illegal.
- If it's not. blackmailing is.
- Yes. exactly.
Lindsay. I'm sick of this shit.
Sorry. I'll turn it up.
- Enough. fucking bitch!
- Don't touch me!
Stop! Stop it!
Stay the fuck away from me!
- Lindsay. I'm sick of this shit!
- Let me go!
- That's enough. fucking bitch!
- Don't fucking touch me!
Stop it!
- Stay the fuck away from me!
- Lindsay. I'm sick of this shit!
Let me go!
- Enough. fucking bitch!
- Don't fucking touch me!
So what do you want?
Holy shit!
45k. ten days paid vacation.
and fucking health insurance.
We're set. We are set for life.
For sure.
Hey. when we get home. can
you help me find a good doctor?
I wonder if they can bundle
something with the cyst surgery.
Do I have any weird
moles they can remove?
What's wrong?
Nothing. You got a big
one right by your scapula.
Are you feeling…
guilty or something?
'Cause… we're not
bad people. They are.
Yeah. totally. They suck.
Late-stage capitalism.
just like you said.
I mean. we agreed to
do this for our future baby.
No. I know.
It just feels like we
left a lot on the table.
negotiation-wise.
All we need is health insurance.
Anything more and it
sounds like blackmail.
I just wonder if maybe we could've
gotten something for me. too. you know?
I'm just now realizing that
we didn't even think about that.
- Do you wanna go back?
- No. it's too late now.
Fine. It's fine.
Just… it just
felt weird. is all.
You know what feels weird
is this growing cyst inside me
that could become a medical
emergency at any given moment. but okay.
No. you're right. You're
right. you're right. you're right.
I'm sorry.
I can't imagine
how scary that is.
Yeah. it's really scary.
Let's never fight
like this again. okay?
I love you.
I love you too.
All employees must maintain
the highest standards of conduct
both during and
outside of work hours.
Any behavior that may harm the
company may be grounds for termination.
Yeah. we really
gotta update that.
Yeah.
The video looks so much worse
than what actually happened. right?
- I mean. it's like they zoomed in and…
- yeah.
I mean. the technology
is just so fucked up.
You sure you wanna eat those?
God knows what they put in them.
I mean. what the fuck is
wrong with kids these days?
Entitlement.
If I had pulled this
shit at soho house.
Kevin nader would've
cut my fucking bollocks off.
Kevin was a good boss.
Yeah. I've come to realize
now why he ran such a tight ship.
Ooh. ooh. ooh. My
ql's cramping up.
Use the foam roller.
These fucking kids don't
know who they messed with.
We have so many more
years' experience being petty.
No. no. no. No. listen. We're
not gonna make it worse.
We're lucky all she
wants is health insurance.
When I was at Oliver peoples. I
made everyone hate this one kid
until he quit.
He had no idea it
was me. Mark ritter.
What a cunt.
Stop.
Promoting her is
the only move. Done.
They're just gonna get away
with it? No consequences?
Linds. if that video got out.
I'd be fired in two seconds.
Josh. they are going to lord this
over us for the rest of our lives.
No one's lording.
okay? There's no lording.
I'm gonna promote her tomorrow.
She deletes the video. We move on.
Until they surprise us with a backup
the next time they want something.
I can only put out the present
fire. not the nonexistent one.
Or you could
prevent the next fire
by chopping down these
two unbelievably shit trees.
What do you want me to do? We
can't fire her. We can't call the cops.
All right. Crazy thought.
What if you quit?
Linds…
-no. i… i'm…
You know. hear me out. If…
If you leave the club.
the video is of no
use to them. right?
Okay. And then what?
Where… where am I gonna get a job?
How are we gonna pay for this place?
We'll sell it.
We can downsize.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Are you kidding me? You
would not be happy downsizing.
Look around. It's
all upsize. All upsize.
I know it sounds mad. but
this could be a fresh start for us.
We could take out a
loan. get credit cards.
We'd have time to
actually enjoy things.
We could go to concerts.
You could play music again.
I don't know.
Maybe this is exactly what
we needed to get back on track.
Can you just consider it
genuinely for a moment?
I mean…
I'm… I'm gonna
promote her tomorrow.
Okay? It's gonna be all
right. It's gonna be all right.
I let people win every day.
We'll manage it.
It's… literally my job.
General… general manager.
Yeah.
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
Come on. Deb. I'm
trying… I'm trying…
I've never missed a day.
Did Lindsay say something
about the 30% discount?
- Because that was a good deal.
- No. No. Deb.
- No. I stand by that.
- Deb. you've been great.
You've been a wonderful
member of the team. This is park.
- It's… it's purely fiscal.
- Fuck your fiscal. Josh!
Okay. Deb. I know that
emotions are really high right now.
- You have every right to be angry.
- Sixteen years. Josh!
You have every right to be frustrated.
but try to take a breath for a second.
It's a bad situation for all of us. You've
been a great member of the team…
Fucking ridiculous.
I know I've put a
lot on your plate.
And you've always delivered.
The new guy sucks. Josh.
Ashley always had that
yogurt honey bar I liked.
She had a great face too.
Yeah. we had to find somebody
to cover bev cart last minute.
But it's no excuse.
You're absolutely right.
All right. Can you
comp the drinks at least?
Let me take care of
that. Call you back.
He's taking care of it.
Put the fear of god in him.
Hey. there she is.
Hi. Sorry. is now a good time?
Yeah. sure. No. I wanted to check
in with you right when you got in.
How we doing?
Everything to your liking?
- Yeah. Thanks.
- Good.
Please close the door
and have a seat and…
Have a little chit-chat.-…
So… so. how do you
wanna go about this?
Do you wanna
delete the video now?
Or do you wanna wait
till you settle in more?
Yeah. either way.
I actually went ahead and
took on some of Deb's workload.
- You don't have to do that.
- No. no. I want to.
No. that's manager
stuff. so it's okay.
But. i… I did it. so… this
one goes with this one.
Wrong… well. yeah. Just… yeah.
If you just give them the ol' autograph.
I'll mail them to finance to cut checks.
Yeah. awesome. Fyi. though.
we can't pay m&l pony rides
'cause they don't exist anymore.
M died.
And we already paid
them. This invoice is old.
Sorry. i… I didn't see an
updated one in Deb's files. so…
Yeah. a lot of Deb's most up-to-date
files were in her head. unfortunately.
Yeah. a lot of these are filled
out wrong. I'll go through them.
No. I can do it. There
wasn't an orientation.
Hey. Ashley. you
won. It's okay. You won.
You don't have to do any of this.
You just have to delete the video. okay?
Yeah. okay.
Here.
Delete. Done.
And the recently deleted?
Yeah. Duh. …
I assume you backed it up to the cloud.
but there's not much I can do about that.
Well.
you could walk me
through everything and. like.
you know. get me familiar with
my responsibilities and whatnot.
Only if you have time.
Not trying to force you.
No. no. no. We'll get a…
an orientation on the books.
- Great.
- Okay.
Anything else you need?
… I don't think so.
Okay.
Could I have one of those
real name thingies for my office?
Copy that.
Thanks.
Hey.
You're a really good gm.
Nice. Appreciate that.
See you.
My god. She's lording.
She's fucking lording.
Here are three common mistakes
everyone makes with a glute bridge.
See how my knees are
rolling forward right now?
Stack them above your ankles.
Boom. That is a glute
exercise. not a lower back one.
I'm working right now.
- You okay?
- Sorry. I know you're busy.
I. was gonna go during lunch.
but I have an orientation now.
Damn. we're both so busy today.
Yeah. Can you please do this for
me? Our whole future's riding on this job.
Why are you so stressed?
We have the videos still.
I know. but I still
have to do a good job.
If someone talks shit
and the owner fires me.
then I can't do my surgery. and
then I lose my health insurance.
and you can't get yours.
and then we can't pay our bills.
and then we're doing asmr
mukbangs in my car for rent money.
so can you please go to H&M?
Hello? Did I lose you?
Sorry. reception's weird.
Yeah. I'll go to H&M.
My gosh. Thank you. thank you.
Hey. I love you.
God. I'm gonna start
crying just talking about it.
but our silent auction raised
over $100.000 for save the frogs.
That's all thanks to you. Ava.
Stop. it was a team effort. Linds.
could you check on the food?
Could you check on the food?
My god. people went so crazy
bidding on that dinner with woosh.
I mean. he's so fucking hot.
I don't even like tennis.
and I'm taking lessons.
I think he has a crush on me.
He sent me a little text.
I would never. of course.
Sweetie. he texted all of us.
He's gonna send a
few more flirty texts.
then try to sell you skincare.
Yeah.
Right. I mean. that's
why I didn't reply.
Ava. did you buy anything from
woosh? Your skin looks amazing.
Aw. thanks.
No. same old routine.
Just a little
aquaphor before bed.
Linds. you should talk to
woosh about the travel packages.
They're only 40k.
and korean lasers knock.
like. ten years off your face.
Right. yeah.
Well. that's a good deal.
I should… I'll look into that.
Before I forget. could you tell Josh to
book the conference room next week?
It is so hard to focus in here.
Do you know what. Ava?
We actually promoted someone
for this very reason.
Yeah?
Yeah. Her name's Ashley Miller.
Let me give you her cell.
Any requests you have. grievances.
honestly. even just personal errands.
you can just reach
out to her directly.
You can think of her
as a personal concierge.
That is such a great idea.
I know. right?
Right.
I'm gonna go and pinch a cig
from someone. but you all carry on.
When did she start smoking?
There's gonna be a lot of people.
and the event's gonna come up fast.
You'll need to update
accounts payable
and make sure that
quarterly projections track
with the allocation of
the carnival feathers.
You following me so far?
Got it.
Now. the way that Deb and I liked
to work together for the last 16 years.
we would give our
vendors enough lead time.
given the supply-chain issues
that come with delivering a
luxurious evening of tropical dreams.
You understand?
Yes. Got it.
Scm-wise. are you
the point for towels?
- I think so.
- You are not.
Towels are
vendor-managed inventory.
I was gonna say.
I'm so sorry.
You know. Josh didn't give me much
of a heads-up about your promotion.
Yeah. no. it all
happened so fast.
It's a big step up
from beverage cart.
Where'd you go to college?
Actually. in… in
lieu of college.
I decided to gain.
managerial experience.
in the food and beverage sector.
Managerial.
Yeah. yeah. managing in
the. the registorial capacity.
And where was that?
I think… I think it
was albertson's.
… I have to take this.
It's… it's the city of oxnard.
God. Ashley's a fucking idiot.
This one's wrong
too. They're all wrong.
Monte vista point.
Josh speaking.
Sorry to call you at work.
Your cell went to voicemail.
No worries. You okay?
I'm fine. Is now a good time?
Yeah. of course.
Hey. I'm sorry I didn't
send any money this month.
It's just been really crazy with
the new owner and everything.
It's okay. We're doing fine.
Okay. are you sure? 'Cause I
can send some now if it's urgent.
We're good. Funeral's paid off.
Chipping away at the hospital bill.
Nice. Slowly but surely. right?
Hey. so… some of your
mail got sent to mom's.
… yeah?
That's… that's weird.
Yeah. They're from
a debt collector.
God. how… sorry
about that. That's…
I'm pretty sure
I paid those off.
You haven't. You
should call them.
Okay. yeah. Wow. jeez.
Thanks for the heads-up. sis.
And you know. I checked the
joint account you had with mom.
What? I…
I don't think that you… you can…
That's allowed? How…
how did you do that?
I just pretended I was mom. They
haven't updated their records yet.
That's illegal. Sara. I… I really
need to close that account.
I couldn't help but notice the account
had a bunch of overdraft charges.
Yeah. you know.
like I said. i… i…
It's really crazy over here. and
I can't stay on top of everything.
Josh. if you're hard up for money.
you don't need to send us anything.
I'm fine.
Sara. I can't believe
you lied to the bank.
I know you regret not being
there when she passed.
but sending money you don't
have isn't gonna change that.
Okay. you know
what? Like I said…
It's the last time
I'm gonna say this.
I had to work that
night. It is what it is.
I'm gonna send you
money. Goodbye.
Good boy. Good boy.
Sit down. Burberry. sit. Sit.
Off you go. Go find it.
Fucking woosh.
Good boy. Good boy. good boy.
Good boy. Drop it. Good boy.
You're so cheeky.
Go find it.
Good boy. Good boy.
Drop it. Drop it.
Good boy. Sit. sit.
Go find it.
Fast reply.
Okay. let's see here.
Let's smooth that out.
Toss on a filter.
Burberry?
Good boy. Good boy.
Come here. Come here.
No more. No more. No more.
No. No.
Sit.
Good boy.
Maybe you could come by
and design my room sometime.
I moved in a week ago
and still haven't unpacked.
So you just left your
entire life in Korea
because she asked
you to teach tennis here?
The chairwoman's always helped
me out since my parents passed.
and. you know. she accounts
for. like. 2% of korean gdp.
Well.
she has appalling
taste in interior design.
God. you could say anything
in that accent. I'd still find it hot.
Please. You have
a line for everyone.
No. for real though.
The sun's a little hot today.
Here. Try this.
It's the best brand
by far. Trochos.
Wow.
It feels so much
cleaner. Is it korean?
Yeah. Koreans are like that.
It's getting a little hot out.
- Can I get some on my back?
- Yeah. of course.
Sorry. my hands are a bit cold.
No. feels really good.
So does trochos
only make sunscreen?
No. they got everything.
Eye creams. masks.
I'll bring you some
samples next time.
I know a guy. I can
get you a good deal.
Now. if I wanted to see results. like.
right away. what would you recommend?
If you want immediate
results. you gotta go to Seoul.
Trochos has the best skin clinic.
and they have this vip program
where they fly you first class.
car service. five-star hotels.
- It's crazy.
- Wow. How much is that?
Depends on what you want.
but at the friends-and-family rate.
with a little
woosh-and-Lindsay rate.
I'd say $40.000?
But. I mean. you know. it's me.
Couldn't you
knock off. like. 20%?
Oof.
Yeah. with the
flights and the hotels.
think the best I
could do is $39.500.
I really need this.
So could you just… help me out?
I'm pulling a lot
of strings for you.
Could always save up.
Yeah.
Fine.
Sorry.
Start working on that overhead.
Does the chairwoman know?
Yeah. she knows. She
gave me permission.
No. I mean. does she know
you've been making a lot of the
women here feel uncomfortable?
What are you talking about?
I think she'd be disappointed to hear
you've been sexually harassing members.
Whoa. Are you serious?
Frankly. you're making me feel
quite uncomfortable right now.
And the club takes allegations
like this very seriously.
All right. guys. you gotta stack
your knees above your ankles.
This isn't a lower
back exercise. okay?
It's all about your
posterior chain.
When I won the
butkus award in 2015...
- my god. I'm so glad to be home.
- Shit.
I had the busiest day today.
Sorry. were you
recording something?
Yeah. I'm making a
series of how-to videos.
I'm starting with the glutes.
Then I'm gonna work my
way up the posterior chain.
Then I'm gonna head back down.
- Who's making you do this?
- No one.
I just realized I got all
this knowledge. you know?
From football. when I won
the butkus award in 2015...
like all those trainer
influencers you follow.
- You don't think it's a good idea?
- No. it is. I was just asking.
It's a great idea.
I'm gonna clean up.
- No. no. it's okay. …
- Yeah.
Did you pick up some clothes?
Yeah. I got some good stuff.
I texted a bunch.
but you didn't reply.
Yeah. I'm sorry. I… I had
the craziest day today.
I… I was just. like.
running around.
and people at work
actually need me. which is…
It's kinda cool. but I
have so much work to do.
Do you wanna do that in the bedroom?
I gotta keep on recording my videos.
Yeah. okay.
Is everything okay though?
'Cause i… I don't know.
I feel like I'm picking up a
weird energy or something.
I'm fine. I… I think maybe
you just might be projecting.
Yeah. maybe.
Wait. Are… are
these from goodwill?
Yeah. I went to H&M.
but it didn't feel right leaving the
tags on and then returning. so…
Wow.
Nice. right?
So nice.
These are. like. timeless.
Good job.
Thanks.
Just gonna go try them on.
Okay.
I got your back anytime.
Anything for my girl.
Aw. that's so sweet.
Only the best for my boys.
What you got for us?
I got you the 20-year this time.
My guy. you know I'm
happy for that pappy.
It's a softer proof. more refined.
It's very hard to find these days.
Man. this new owner
better not replace you. bro.
What? What do you mean?
- Hey. Troy.
- Yeah?
Tell him what you heard.
I didn't really hear much. It's
not worth stressing out over.
Just tell me. I'm not
stressed. I won't… won't stress.
You know. I just heard she
might be interviewing some folks.
That's all.
Yeah. who? How… like. how many?
I don't really know much.
Sorry. bro.
I got a capital-gains situation.
Hey. Troy. who's that tax guy
you got? I think I need a little help.
Yeah. I'll text you.
He helped park buy this club.
- Saved her 20 mil.
- That's crazy.
What did he do. a
1031 or something?
Duh.
My guy's good.
He set up a
buy-borrow-die for me.
Yo. that's crazy. I can't
even believe this shit's legal.
Damn. What asset
did he make you buy?
I don't know. monet. manet.
All I know is we making money.
- Shit.
- Party foul!
I saw that. joshie. Now you
gotta play. Come on over here.
… come on. just a quick one.
Nah. I can't. I gotta go home.
Put your money in.
- I mean. if you guys like losing.
- Now we talking.
- Shit. here we go. High card wins.
- Come on. joshie.
- Come on.
- Let's go. baby.
- All right.
- Show us what you got.
- Hey. Josh. draw for me too.
- You got it. Michael.
And our cups to the stars…
… tough card to beat.
I'm up all night to get some…
Shit! King takes it.
Way to go. Michael.
Goddamn it. Phelps. I hate you.
I don't care. baron.
Swear to god. Mike. Do
you ever lose at anything?
No. I don't do that.
Thanks. joshie.
- Yep.
- All right. do it again.
What's your Venmo?
@michaelphelps.
Yep. there you are.
There's a 5k limit.
Back-to-back days is fine.
Yeah. smart.
I know my post said $800.
but I am flexible. so.
you know. we can talk.
I got stuff from pretty much
everybody at every level.
Collegiate. pro. great guys.
So here we got the… ae 1s.
Signed by ant.
And we got the. Jordans
here. 1990 Jordans.
And here we got the Tiger Woods
clubs. So. funny story about...
are… are those the beolab 18s?
Yeah.
You. you an audiophile?
Yeah. a little bit.
Nice. man. Nice.
So. anyway. funny story about these.
Remember when tiger went crazy at Augusta?
- Yeah.
- This is his 4-iron.
That's why it's a
little… little crooked.
You know. these 18s are
going for. like. 10k on eBay.
- Is that right?
- Yeah.
I'll take 'em off your
hands right now for nine.
They're. they're not for sale.
But I will sell you Tiger
Woods's clubs for 10k.
- What about the moog though?
- None of the music stuff's for sale.
Right.
You know the… the ae 1s. they're
gonna appreciate. by the way.
Anthony Edwards.
he's the future.
When you said
Anthony Edwards. i…
I thought that was
the… the dude from er.
Goose?
No. no. Er.
Yeah. no. I know.
Goose from top gun.
- What does that have to do...
- I'm saying it's the same actor.
Thank you for your time.
You have a good day.
Wait.
My husband will
really hate this.
- Remove this one as well.
- Yes.
You know. if the chairwoman
needs help with any of the equipment.
my fiancé's a trainer here.
She said if you happen to need
help with any of the equipment...
her fiancé is a trainer here.
We don't need that.
She won't be needing
that at the moment.
He's… he's korean.
Well. ha… half.
Your boyfriend is korean?
It's nice you look out for him.
You know. as you get
old. friends go away.
Parents die. Even
children leave.
The only person by
your side is your spouse.
She says it's sweet of
you to think of your fiancé.
What my husband really
needs is a physical therapist.
What the chairwoman's husband
It's funny she should mention that
because my fiancé's a physical therapist.
I thought he was a trainer.
Yeah. no. he is. part-time.
But. yeah. we just never
thought to have a pt here before.
It's genius. really.
Most members are fifties. sixties.
They definitely keep Austin busy.
She's smart.
Your English. chairwoman?!
Sh. don't tell. Only you know.
Well. I'm so honored.
And I'd be happy to set up
Austin as a pt. if you wish.
Perhaps the chairwoman should
try a session with your fiancé first?
Yes. let me try first.
Absolutely. Yeah.
I'll set that up.
I chose a husband 20 years
younger so I can die before him.
And now he has more
health problem than me.
I used to float
now I just fall down
I used to know…
- Hey. babe.
- Hey.
Shit. shit.
I got. like. so many
compliments on my shirt today.
Like. I love it so much.
Well. you look so good in it.
So.
Guess who's up for a
full-time position at the gym.
I don't wanna know.
Austin Davis.
There's another Austin Davis?
- No. It's you. silly.
- What?
How'd you do that?
I didn't do anything.
Like. chairwoman park just
asked about you on her own.
She knew all about
your football background.
I think she saw
one of your videos.
Yeah?
It's kind of cool. right?
- I think we should celebrate or something.
- Yeah.
- Do you want a digiornos?
- For sure.
- Can you put. the triple meat in?
- Yeah.
There's. like… one
little thing though.
You have to be a
licensed physical therapist.
What? That's gonna
take me. like. five years.
No. no. it's not.
What are you talking
about? I don't have a license.
Look…
…i just feel like
we've been off lately.
Right?
No. I'm fine.
Are you okay?
Yeah. i… I guess I've
been feeling a bit off.
And I don't know.
I… I just feel like it'd be
really good for me and us
if we both worked at the club
and. you know. moved up together.
I mean. I guess if you think
that'll help you feel better. sure.
Yeah. I think it would.
Okay. then.
Hey. do you remember when
you lost your driver's license.
and you used your fake ID
for a year. and no one noticed?
- Yeah.
- So…
Iet's do the fraxel.
Also a brow lift.
And some filler.
Is that a wart? Tell her
I'll remove that for free.
So Dr. Kim is recommending
the fraxel laser. brow
lift. and some filler.
The mole. he'll remove for free.
Canthoplasty and a
bit of blepharoplasty-I
guess we can talk about
that once she gets here.
I'm going into
surgery now. so...
Let me know when you've
locked in a date. Okay? Bye.
Okay? Bye.
Say hello to my wife for me.
And I'd get all
of this for free?
Sure. I guess.
that's the agreement.
Do you know what? I'm
just gonna start with the laser.
I don't want to end
up looking crazy.
Thank you.
I wouldn't have been
able to afford all that.
I think this is gonna
be really good for me.
I need you so bad. Ricky.
Yeah?
- No one can fuck me like you do.
- Yeah.
Please don't make me go that
long without you. Please. sir.
Fuck.
- No one gets me this dripping wet.
- Yeah.
I love your perfect
cock. It fills me up.
Did you come?
We still have nine
more minutes...
I'm not trying to say that
all pornography is bad.
but there are good
data to support the idea
that if your brain learns to be aroused
by watching other people have sex.
it is not necessarily
going to carry over…
What the fuck?
I'd like to change
my security questions.
The joint account
for me and my mom.
Marta lucretia Diaz.
Yeah. I'll hold.
Come on in.
- Hey. boss.
- Hey.
Just got a couple of
things for you to sign.
Yeah. cool. Whatever you need.
Also. eunice asked me to leave
Austin's credentials with you.
assuming park gives the
green light. of course. but…
All right. Here you go.
Yeah. perfect.
Hey. by the way. I had a look
at the invoices you gave me.
- I went over them. and they're all good.
- Great.
Yeah. If. you wouldn't mind just
mailing them out… is that all right?
- Yeah. no problem. Of course.
- Yeah? All right.
- Thanks for doing that.
- Yeah…
Thank you for being you.
Yeah.
Hey. you know what?
I think that you're just about ready
to take on more of Deb's workload.
Wow.
Thank you. I… I
really appreciate that.
Won't let you down.
Keep crushing it.
Hey. you're the mvp.
Yeah.
It totally worked.
He didn't even look.
- I can't do this. I'm coming home.
- Babe. stop.
No. this is straight-up fraud.
The only person who needs
to approve the license is Josh.
and he already
gave the thumbs-up.
If he ever becomes an issue. we
whip out the video. and he'll fold.
That stupid old fuck.
Babe?
Josh?
One sec. I'm locked in.
Did you take the day off?
They got my number
if they need me.
What happened
to all of your stuff?
I had to pay Michael Phelps.
Okay.
So.
I think I'm gonna go and
visit my parents next month.
I scattered the
mulch. Scattered it.
Yeah. I saw that.
Figured we'd grow tomatoes.
zucchinis. squash. whatever.
We'd turn the adu
into an artist retreat.
Build a stage in the yard.
And then we dance. baby.
You're sort of freaking me out
now. okay? Did you hear what I said?
Hey. have you ever heard
of a buy-borrow-die loophole?
Are you okay?
It's this thing rich fucking assholes
do where they purchase an asset.
Let's say you buy a painting for
$1.000. and it appreciates to a million.
Well. when you sell it.
you gotta pay taxes. right?
You hate art.
No. I love art. I love art.
I love it. Monet. manet.
I love it 'cause art can be collateral
to get a million dollars from the bank.
And while you swim in money.
that art appreciates
10 mil. 20 mil.
And when you die. you pass it to your
kid. and they sell it. and bam! Zero taxes!
- They pay no taxes.
- My god.
Please. don't tell
me you bought art.
Babe. everyone is scamming.
Everyone's scamming.
We have been grinding
away here. and for what?
I can smell it now.
You're high and drunk.
Yeah. I had a few puffs.
I'm the fucking gm.
Outgoing payments. I sign them.
- You see where I'm going. right?
- No.
- You see it?
- No. I don't.
And you… you know burberry
hates the smell of marijuana.
Linds. listen to me.
Listen to me. Lindsay.
I came up with a way
to skim thousands of
dollars from the club.
Wait. is this a joke?
Are you serious?
I'm the most serious.
The only person other than
me that mails out the invoices
is now an underqualified.
entitled little gen z
with no attention to detail.
She's the perfect scapegoat.
This… this is how
we get back on track.
We finish the bed and breakfast.
We focus on us.
God. you're so beautiful.
I miss you.
We can't just
disappear. Lindsay.
We can't.
Let me explain it again.
okay? So you buy art...
Beautiful home.
Thank you. It's a rental.
Man.
Landlords. right?
I'll go check on the chairwoman.
Chairwoman!
One moment -
would you like me to reschedule
the session with Austin?
I'm on with my husband. Eunice.
could you try him out for me?
Yes. understood.
Okay. get your head on straight.
What the hell is going on?
Off with your head… what
did you mess up this time?
Dammit…
If you bought another Rolls-Royce without
telling me. I'm going to be really mad.
The patient is dead.
Off with your head
dance. dance till you're dead
heads will roll
heads will roll heads
will roll on the floor
off. off with your head
dance. dance till you're dead
heads will roll
heads will roll heads
will roll on the floor
looking glass
take the past
shut your eyes
mirror lies looking glass
take the past shut your eyes
mirror lies
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today